[Music]
the film begins with being shown the
situation after the marbles game is over
the participants who returned to base
camp were very surprised because it
turned out that emi ryong was not
eliminated and still survived on the
other hand the front man is still
worried because he has not been able to
find the intruder in the game arena vip
investors will soon come to visit
therefore he asked the committee to stay
vigilant and continue to search for the
intruder
the next day the vip guests came and
greeted by the front man
just like the front man and the others
the vip guests also wore masks to hide
their identities at that time the front
men represented the host to welcome and
serve vip guests because the hosts still
had other business
it was these vips who invested their
money as bets in the previous games
the vip visited to witness the players
there first hand after that jun who who
was still hiding decided to take the
other costume so he could get closer to
the vip guests as well as take some
videos as evidence
not long after the fifth game was ready
to play
before starting the game the
participants asked to choose a vest that
reads the numbers 1 to 16. the choice of
the vest will decide their fate in this
game
the frightened participants immediately
took the middle numbers because they
must save
until its jihad's turn the remaining
numbers are 1 and 16 at first jihan
wanted to take number one but the other
participants begged him because he was
too sacred to the last participant jihan
relented and allowed the participant to
take the first number after selection of
numbers they faced with a glass bridge
within 15 minutes each player must cross
the glass bridge in their order
the glass bridge made of two different
types of glass which means that if they
take a wrong step they will immediately
fall and die
being a starting player is the most
difficult task because if they miss a
step then the players behind be safe
because they choose the correct glass
but being the last player is also not
easy because he has to race against time
long story short the fifth game begins
one by one the players began to venture
to jump over the glass bridge
not a few of them failed to choose the
correct glass and just fell
as time passed the players became
impatient and decided to push other
players in front of them until finally
doc sue arrived at the leading place
of course no one dared to resist or
encourage him doc sue insists that he
will stay in his place so that no
participant escapes the game
emma ryong who annoyed then jumped at
him and tightly held daksa's body she
also sacrificed himself by bringing doc
sue down with her
[Music]
after several players fell and died now
only four players remain a player in the
leading position turned out be a worker
in a glass factory
therefore he was able to distinguish
between strong glass and ordinary glass
with that ability he managed to safely
carry sang woo sei bayak and jihan who
were behind him
but at the last step the front man who
knew about it purposely turned off the
lights so that they had trouble finding
the right glass
it makes the player by too much time as
a result seng wu also shows his true
identity he had the heart to push the
players even though thanks to them they
were able to go safely right at the last
second saying woo sebyak and jihan
immediately ran before finally the glass
bridge destroyed and the glass flew
scratching some parts of their bodies
from different rooms the vip guests
seemed quite satisfied with the results
of the game this time
junhu who was there was still busy
serving them then a vip guest seemed to
attract it to junhu and told him to sit
near him
after that the vip guest took junhoo to
another room
junhu who felt humiliated finally got
angry and pointed his gun at the vip
guest
junhu also asked the vip guest to give
any information about the game venue
it was then recorded by junhu be used as
evidence after getting the recording
junhu beat the guest until he fainted
and fled from the game arena with the
diving equipment that was there he also
mobilized his men to join the search for
junhu
not long after junhu arrived at the
other side of the island he wanted to
contact the police chief for help as
well as send the evidence on his cell
phone but because it was difficult to
get a signal there he had to climb to
higher ground
soon the front man and his men also
arrived there they immediately roamed
the island to catch junhu
unfortunately before he can send
evidence and get help junhu has caught
the front man in his men unexpectedly it
turns out that the figure behind the
frontman mask is his own brother whom he
has looked for all this time
junhu also asked his brother why he did
all this but before he got an answer
junhu shot by his own brother and fell
into the sea elsewhere sang wu jihan and
sei bjuk who managed to escape invited
to change their clothes and have dinner
together
when changing his clothes say buck looks
pale with blood flowing from his stomach
apparently a large shard of glass from
the previous game stuck right in his
left stomach she store off his uniform
and covered the wound it wasn't long
before jihan and the others served
delicious food for the first time
[Music]
their jihan and sang wu devoured their
food while sebiyak who was still in pain
couldn't even cut his own flesh after
dinner each of them armed with a small
knife
jihan looks still angry at sang wu for
killing the previous player he also
intends to kill seng wu with his knife
and win the game with seibjek
after that he approached sebiyak to ask
for cooperation
sebyak who is already weak tells jihan
that if he manages to escape and
survives there say buyuk orders to take
care of his younger sister who is now in
an orphanage
after saying that jihan realized that
seybjeck's clothes were now covered in
blood he panicked and ran to the door
for help not long after that the
committee came with the chest
unexpectedly when jihan asks for help
sang woo turns out to have killed save
yuck with his own knife
this makes jihan feel guilty towards
seibyuk and become even more angry at
sengwu while sang wu casually said that
he just wanted to help saibyuk end all
his pain
the next day the last game arrived he's
the one who's left that is jihan and
sang wu will play a game called the
squid game it just so happened that the
game was their childhood game and then
they got different roles jihan is the
attacker and sang wu is the defender as
usual from other rooms vip guests are
welcome to watch the last game and
witness who will emerge victorious
jihan and seng wu both carry knives that
they use to attack each other
[Music]
accompanied by the rain the two began to
fight each other on one occasion sang wu
managed to grab a knife and stabbed
jihan's body several times but jihan
didn't give up kept getting up and kept
fighting
his efforts also succeeded in making sen
wu helpless with a knife stuck in his
hand he approached sang wu's body and
intended to stab him but it turns out
that jihan doesn't have the heart to do
that and instead sticks his knife next
to seng wu
[Applause]
he decided not to kill seng wu and walk
towards the finish line it turns out he
can't do it and surprisingly jihan exits
the game
it means that jihan doesn't want to take
his prize money and prefers to help his
best friend
according to the third rule he only
needed to ask seng wu to quit the game
but seng wu refuses it and instead stabs
himself before he died seng wu entrusted
his mother to jihan with that jihan was
immediately declared the winner after
all that struggle jihan returned to his
original place complete with a credit
card of 45.6 billion won
with all that money jihan is not at all
happy and instead feels sad and
frustrated over the deaths of hundreds
of people including his best friend
even when he sees sangwoo's mother jihan
can't even look him in the eyes like
falling down the stairs in his house
jihan can only cry looking at his
mother's dead body
[Music]
one year later jihan's appearance
becomes more and more messy while
sitting alone he offered flowers by an
old woman it turns out that inside the
flower there is an envelope containing a
game card with the words where jihan
must go arriving at their destination
jihan surprised to see ilnam's
grandfather who is treated
as far as jihan knows ilnam's
grandfather died while playing marbles
unexpectedly ilnam's grandfather turned
out to the host as well as the
frontman's superior illness grandfather
admits that even though he has a lot of
money he is not happy at all because he
doesn't know how to spend all his money
with a tumor in his brain in his life
expected to be short he thought of a way
to have fun then he remembered about his
little same who was always happy because
he spent time playing with friends
therefore he and other rich people
created the playing field so that he
could enjoy the happiness so that by
participating before he died
hearing that makes jihan very angry how
could they not be willing to sacrifice
hundreds of lives just for fun
ilnam's grandfather also explained that
from the start he had never forced
anyone to take part in the game arena he
sincerely thanks jihan for giving him
happiness by being his playmate in the
last remaining moments of his life after
saying that illness grandfather passed
away
jihan starts his new life peacefully he
also picks up sabjuk's younger brother
at the orphanage and leaves it to his
mother don't forget he also left a
suitcase of money with them as a payment
for his promise to save yuck in sang wu
the film ends with jihan who will go
after his daughter to america before
leaving he saw a mysterious man who was
with the victim of the next game
[Music]
after that jihan took the card and
called the front man there he promised
the front man that he would avenge all
their bad deeds at any cost
thank you for watching until the last
episode don't forget to subscribe and
turn on the bell so you don't miss the
next video
[Music]